Onto our last row handler of delete.
Now, when a user makes a delete request, we're not going to actually delete the underlying order.
Instead we're going to update its status over to cancelled.
So remember, a order has many different statuses.
We can take a look at them inside of our order file in the models directory.
So we've got order status right there.
If we do a command, click on it.
We'll go to the definition of that enum so this thing can be created a waiting payment complete or cancelled.
So when we say that we're going to delete an order again, we're not actually deleting it out of the
database.
Instead, we're just marking it as canceled.
Now then mind.
Does it still make sense to have this be a delete request?
Maybe not really.
A delete request kind of implies that we're actually deleting a resource.
We're not really deleting a resource here.
Instead, maybe it would make more sense to make this a put or a patch to say that we are updating a
property and it just happens that we are updating the property over to cancelled.
So maybe it's not the best to say that this is going to be a delete.
Nonetheless, it's what we're going to do.
Okay.
Anyways, back over to our editor inside of our Roots Directory, we're going to find that delete file.
So inside of here, the logic we're going to write out is going to look very similar to what we did
back inside of show.
So you can make sure that a user is authenticated.
We're going to make sure that we find some order inside of our database.
We're also going to make sure that the user who is making this request owns this order as well.
And that's pretty much it.
After we find that do those checks, we can then update the order status and we're all complete.
So first off, couple of imports at the top.
I'm going to import order.
From up one directory models order.
We probably also need that order status enum so we can properly set it to cancel it as well.
It's also get order status.
We need a couple of different middle words from our common module.
So I'll add in an import four require off.
From our common module.
And I think that should probably be it for right now.
So inside the root handler itself, I'll apply the require auth middleware.
Then inside the root handler.
First we're going to pull off the order ID off of the request parameters object.
So we'll get order ID.
From rec dot params.
And then, like I just said, same thing we just did inside of show find the order.
Make sure we found an order, make sure the user owns the order, and then finally apply the update.
So we'll do an order is a wait order.
Not find by ID.
And we'll pass in the order ID.
Then if there is not order.
So if we did not find one, let's throw a new not found air.
In addition, if the order does exist but the owner of the order so the user ID is not equal to recurrent
user exclamation id.
Then we should also forbid this.
So we'll throw a new not authorized air.
Let's add imports for these two errors.
Up at the top, we'll find our common module and add in.
Not found error.
Not authorized error.
Then after that, we'll go ahead and make our update to the order.
So we're all we really have to do here is update the status.
That's pretty much it.
So order status is going to be order status got canceled.
Well, then save it.
And that's pretty much it.
At the very bottom.
We'll then send back the updated order like so.
If this was really a delete handler, we should technically also send back specifically a status of
204, which indicates that a record was deleted.
So if you really want to follow these delete semantics, we should have the two of four there.
Again, we're not really deleting a record per se, we're cancelling it, but we're kind of pretending
as though that's kind of a delete.
Again, I think maybe I kind of made a mistake here now that I'm going through this stuff, really,
maybe it would have been made a lot more sense to make this into a patch.
But this is a let me just be clear.
This is a really small nitpick on my side.
Super not critical.
You know what?
I'm just going to stop complaining about it.
We'll stick with a delete method and a status of 204 and just say it's good enough.
All right, so let's save this.
We do naturally need to make sure that it all works.
So now that we've got the implementation put together, a quick pause.
Come back in the next video.
Write out a quick test or two.